## About the Authors

George Dewey is a doctoral student in the department of Epidemiology at the UCLA Fielding School of Public Health. His research interests include the use of network-based techniques in epidemiology, the adoption of big data technology in the health sciences, and improving technologic literacy among public health professionals. He has experience working with the LA County Department of Public Health as well as in the non-profit research sector.

Akihiro Nishi is an Assistant Professor in the Department of Epidemiology at the UCLA Fielding School of Public Health. He is a social epidemiologist specializing in network sciences and evolutionary game theory (see Nishi, Social Science & Medicine, 2015). His areas of focus include the improvement of economic inequality and the inequality of well-being in online social networks (e.g. Nishi et al, Nature, 2015); examining health consequences of nationwide policies in aging countries such as Japan (e.g. Tamiya et al, Lancet, 2011); promoting motorcycle helmet use in Asian countries (e.g. Nishi et al, Bulletin of WHO, 2018); and developing network interventions to address the COVID-19 pandemic (e.g. Nishi et al, PNAS, 2020: link below). His research has had broad media attention including New York Times, CNN, PBS NewsHour, NHK News 7, and others. His papers are available through Google Scholar or PubMed (links below). Please consider donating to Nishi Lab at UCLA (link below). He teaches Intro and Intermediate R (EPI 407A and B) as well as Social Network Analysis (EPI217). Nishi Lab is currently looking for creative researchers (postdocs, graduate, undergraduate, and high school students) and collaborators from around the world.


